I do swear I swear a lot on the court I
don't want to say it on here but I feel
like my mom will see it I'd have been a
soccer soccer player like a football
player
and shelah toes just cleaning cleaning
in general everything yeah
my habit like what do I do when I'm sad
probably called my mother yeah I
normally like I listen to music I always
put my shoes on the same way my socks on
the same way stuff like that
in college we won a triple overtime game
against a team that was was way better
than us and I was just a freshman and
that was I was the best family
tearing my ACL for the second time in
Israel legal yeah well you know when I
was too young I probably drank alcohol a
couple of times but other than that
nothing nothing too serious
no my parent may have been whatever I
did my parents found out everything
I was always grounded as a little kid it
always sent me right to my room
probably LeBron James just you know to
be that size and to do that athletic you
know I think I would just you know I
just jump around all day for 24 hours
yeah I guess I guess LeBron I love I'd
love to I mean wouldn't you wouldn't
really be playing against them you just
be on the same for them that would be
fun yeah sometimes sometimes I try not
to be too loud when I'm in the hotel but
you know when I'm in my apartment alone
sometimes I sing a little bit I really
like suits
I'm watching that right now when I were
when I was a 13 or 14 my my aunt gave me
a purse and it was it was like it was
rainbow colored and it was made of yarn
and I just I couldn't I opened it up and
I tried really I said this is so nice
and she saw right through it so we had
to return that one I guess after
basketball I'm hoping to to coach
basketball on the on the university
level back in the States
so you know it's it's my dream to be a
head coach at a university
tell me